test: add test for total power (#433)
equinor/ecalc: docs/docs/changelog/v8-11.md

---
slug: v8.11-release
title: v8.11
authors: ecalc-team
tags: [release, eCalc]
sidebar_position: 20
---

# eCalc

## New Features

## Fixes

## Breaking changes

> - Sum and split mechanical power at installation level: The total power is now the sum of mechanical (e.g. compressor with turbine) power and electrical power. Previously, the total power included only electrical power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sum and split mechanical power at installation level: The total power is now the sum of mechanical (e.g. compressor with turbine) power and electrical power. 
*NB!* This may lead to big changes in power usage, as mechanical power was previously not included in the total!
```

Reviewer: ? even more emphasized?

Author: Done
